		Welcome to the Textbook Rental Library Project Application (TRLPJApp).
		
		There are currently six Patrons registered and ten copies checked into the system.
		Select "P101" as Patron for Ceasey. Ceasey currently does not have a hold.
		Select "P102" as Patron for John. John currently does not have a hold.
		Select "P103" as Patron for Casidy. Casidy currently does not have a hold.
		Select "P104" as Patron for Bancy. Bancy currently does have a hold.
		Select "P105" as Patron for Casidy. Ceasey currently does have a hold.
		Select "P106" as Patron for Casidy. Ceasey currently does have a hold.
		
		Select from these copies added into the system:
		Copy "001”, "Spanish" is for checkout only.
		Copy "002”, "English" is for checkout only.
		Copy "003”, "Calculus" is for checkout only.
		Copy "004”, "Linear Algebra" is for checkout only.
		Copy "005”, "Physics" is for checkout only.
		Copy "006”, "Dynamics" is for sale only.
		Copy "007”, "Contemporary History" is for sale only.
		Copy "008”, "Thermodynamics" is for sale only.
		Copy "009”, "Software" is for sale only.
		Copy "010”, "Statistics" is for sale only.
		
		
		This menu will guide you through the steps. Follow the directions inside the console.
		
		1 => "Begin Checkout transaction"
		2 => "Begin Check-in transaction"
		3 => "Begin Sales transaction"
		4 => "Display Patron Info"
		5 => "Pay Overdue Fines"
		6 => "Change Patron Hold Status"
		H => "Help and Documentation"
		0 => "Quit"
		
		Checkouts:
		All checkouts must be turn in 120 days after the checkout was processed. A hold on the patron and a fine of $20.00 will be assessed.
		
		Patrons with holds on their record will not be able to checkout any additional copies until Patron's outstanding copies are turned in and Patron's outstanding balance is at $0.00.
		
		Patrons with holds may be able to make sales and check-in outstanding copies.
		
		Sales:
		
		All sales must be made with exact change. No exceptions. Sales not made with exact change will not be processed.
		
		Patrons with holds on their record will be able to purchase copies that are for sale.
		
		Change Holds:
		
		The Textbook Library Worker has the authority to assign holds to Patrons who have not met the terms of service of the Library System.
		
		
		
		
